So that was one in a billion.
So I guess my point is smaller when you told him I'm going to present basic operation.
So first of all I assume that you have already installed Rowse in your system.
Now the first thing we need to do is to stop terrorists.
We need the master know of the reservoir master.
So if you want to start close the first thing that you need to you must and must note or what we call
the Roscoff gate.
So what is the main node in the US that will ensure the communication between any other node in the
Robert operating system.
So now the node is already on.
So we can see here it gives it the link for the rescore that we call the postmaster you or I.
So this is the rest mustardy or I we needed.
Ok so now in order to see what is the effect of this what does the different nodes that we do want to
see it go.
Yes we can run node list.
OK.
So for the moment you have only one or at is point.
First of all you are not that is called out.
OK.
There is one other note and this is because you have already started our crosscourt server so its waiting
for other notes for publishing or subscribing topics so we can also check if we have subtopics this
topic list to find the list of topics.
For now we have two topics of interest.
So these are the two different topics and ecosystem.
So if he if we close I may Control-C underscore if we Clozaril score then if I try to find the road
not least unable to communicate with the master.
Why.
Because it is no longer working.
There is no central node is actually ensuring communication between the different ones.
So there is no new words only there are no topics if I want to come back I have to restart again.
Roscoff OK now I have to rush up close and personal.
MS They both give the same as this.
OK so now what the source code is activated.
I can actually minimize the window.
OK.
Now we're going to start our first application.